# Configuration

## Root Directory File Configuration

In the root directory of the plug-in, config. Toml files is required. The basic contents of the file are as follows:

``` toml title="config.toml"
package='com.longgui.case'
name="示例插件"
version='1.0'
labels='case'
homepage='https://www.company.com'
logo=''
author='case@company.com'
```

This file acts like the extension. \ _ \ _ init \ _ \ _ function.

When the plug-in is uploaded to the plug-in store, the plug-in store will also obtain the basic information of the plug-in through the configuration file.


## Database configuration

In order to facilitate the management of plug-ins, the kernel defines three configuration forms of plug-ins.

And generates corresponding Schemas for these configurations so that each API related to the plug-in configuration can dynamically adapt to the addition and deletion of the plug-in.


### Plug-in configuration (profile)
: defined in [ arkid.extension.models.Extension ](#arkid.extension.models.Extension)




### Tenant configuration (settings)

: defined in [ arkid.extension.models.TenantExtension ](#arkid.extension.models.TenantExtension)




    * [Self. Get _ tenant _ settings] (./% 20 plugin base class/# arkid. Core. Extension. Extension. Get _ tenant _ settings)
    * [Self. Update _ or _ create _ settings] (./% 20 plugin base class/# arkid. Core. Extension. Extension. Update _ or _ create _ settings)

### Runtime configuration (config)
: defined in [ arkid.extension.models.TenantExtensionConfig ](#arkid.extension.models.TenantExtension)





    * [Self. Get _ tenant _ configs] (./% 20 plugin base class/# arkid. Core. Extension. Extension. Get _ tenant _ configs)
    * [Self. Get _ config _ by _ ID] (./% 20 plugin base class/# arkid. Core. Extension. Extension. Get _ config _ by _ ID)
    * [Self. Create _ tenant _ config] (./% 20 plugin base class/# arkid. Core. Extension. Extension. Create _ tenant _ config)
    * [Self. Update _ tenant _ config] (./% 20 plugin base class/# arkid. Core. Extension. Extension. Update _ tenant _ config)
    * [Self. Delete _ tenant _ config] (./% 20 plugin base class/# arkid. Core. Extension. Extension. Delete _ tenant _ config)


!!! Attention "attention"

```py title='示例'
...

package = 'com.longgui.case'

Profile = create_extension_schema(
    'Profile', package,
    fields = [
        ('name', str, Field())
    ]
)

Settings = create_extension_schema(
    'Settings', package,
    fields = [
        ('name', str, Field())
    ]
)

Config = create_extension_schema(
    'Config', package,
    fields = [
        ('name', str, Field())
    ]
)

class CaseExtension(extension.Extension):
    def load(self):
        super().load()
        self.register_profile_schema(Profile)
        self.register_settings_schema(Settings)
        self.register_config_schema(Config)
        self.register_composite_config_schema(Config, 'type_name')

...
```

::: arkid.extension.models




