# ArkID agent

If you can reach the customer and conquer the customer. That's perfect for being an ArkID agent.

## Agent conditions

* Access to customers
* Have an ArkID account
* Visit ArkStore

## Plug-in agent rules

1. Visit ArkStore
2. Click on Agent-Agent Details, here you can see all the information of the current agent

    * Dealer logo
    * Total sales (market guidance price)
    * Annual sales (market guidance price)
    * Actual Gross Sales (Transaction Price)
    * Actual annual sales (transaction price)
    * Initial level
    * Annual grade
    * Agent level
    * Grade discount
    * Sales Required for Upgrade
    * Agent discount (changeable)

Explain the meaning and function of each parameter separately:

```
总销售额，是显示本代理商所有累积销售总额,以开发商市场指导价计算。
年销售额，指今年的销售额，以开发商市场指导价计算。

实际总销售额，以实际成交价来计算，所有累积的销售额。
实际年销售额，以实际成交价计算，今年的销售额。
```

### Dealer logo

After your customer installs ArkID using the privatization deployment method, you can find the "Set Agent" button in the upper right corner of the ArkID management background: Platform Management-Platform Plug-in page, click and fill in the "Agent Logo" in the pop-up dialog box, and click to confirm. This completes the binding of the client and the agent.

After the customer completes the agent binding, the product price of its plug-in store and application store will display the price of the agent, and all purchases will be ordered through the agent.

### Agent level

Total sales, dealer grade (initial grade, annual grade), dealer grade discount, sales required for annual grade upgrade. These parameters are part of the dealer rating system.

** Agent level ** Take ** Dealership Initial Level ** the maximum of and ** Annual rating of the agent **

Agent Initial Rating: The agent's last year ** Annual grade ** will become the ** Initial level ** agent's this year. The default is 1.

Annual rating of the agent: It will be reset to 1 in the early morning of January 1 every year, and the annual sales will be cleared.

The agent level will determine the corresponding level discount, as shown in the following table:

| 代理等级 | 等级折扣 |Annual sales required for ** Annual grade ** upgrade (yuan)|
|--------|---------|----------|
| 1（初始等级）| 0.9 |  0       |
| 2 | 0.8 | 200 |
| 3 | 0.7 | 400 |
| 4 | 0.6 | 800 |
| 5 | 0.5 | 1600 |
| 6 | 0.4 | 3200 |
| 7 | 0.3 | 6400 |
| 8 | 0.2 | 12800 |
| 9 | 0.1 | 25600 |
| 10 | 0 | 51200 |

!!! Notice

The grade discount determines the minimum discount for the agent to take the goods. If the price set by the developer of the product ** Cost discount ** is less than that of ** Grade discount ** the agent, the price will be ** Grade discount ** calculated. If the price set by the developer ** Cost discount ** is greater than that of ** Grade discount ** the agent, Take the price of the goods according to ** Cost discount ** the calculation. Namely:

Agent price = developer market guidance price * maximum value (developer cost discount, agent level discount) + ArkStore platform commission

### ArkStore platform commission

ArkStore platform commission = minimum value (developer's market guidance price * 0.1, developer's cost price * 0.3)

This also means that if the developer's market guidance price is 0, that is, free, users can get it free of charge.

If the developer's cost price is 0, that is, the developer's cost discount is 0, then the agent can take the goods free of charge.

### Agent discount

Decimals between 0 and 1 are set freely by the agent.

### The calculation rules are as follows

* Agent takes the price of goods

    ```代理商拿货价格 = 开发商市场指导价 * 最大值(开发商成本折扣，代理商等级折扣) + ArkStore平台提成`` `

* Expected selling price of the product

    ```产品预期销售价格 = 开发商市场指导价 * 代理商代理折扣 + 代理商拿货价格`` `

* The final selling price of the product shall not be higher than the market guidance price agreed by the developer.

    ```产品最终销售价格 = 最小值(产品预期销售价格, 开发商市场指导价)`` `

* Agent profit = developer's market guidance price * agent discount.

    ```代理商利润 = 产品最终销售价格 - 代理商拿货价格`` `
    

## Apply proxy rules

Applying proxy rules is a bit more complex than plug-ins. Because the application access standards are different, each application developer requires a different share ratio and account period. Each application needs to look at its specific agent rules.

It can be roughly divided into these categories:

1. OIDC and Store Payment

    The application uses the OIDC protocol to dock with ArkID and access the store payment standard, and its proxy rules are consistent with the plug-in.

2. In-app payments

    Although the application uses ** OIDC protocol ** or ** Custom protocol ** accesses ArkID, it uses in-app payment, which means that the application is free. The proportion is based on the developer's setting.

3. Promotional links and in-app payments

    If the application only uses the promotion link, ArkID cannot obtain the mapping relationship between the in-application identity and the ArkID identity, and cannot be divided with the agent according to the actual usage.
    
    Promotion links are divided by recording the number of clicks and calculating the proportion of clicks.

## Orders and cash withdrawals

You can view agent orders or initiate cash withdrawal requests in the expense center of ArkStore.

## Q&A
