# ArkID operator

If you want to run your own independent IDaaS site and your users use ArkID directly as tenants, you can configure the domain name by exposing ArkID on the public network.

## Operator conditions

* Public network server (any cloud service is available)
* Deploy a private ArkID and set the domain name
* Turn on the multi-tenancy switch for ArkID

## Operating rules

### Plug-in rental

Tenants pay to use the operator's ArkID service. ArkID's plugin supports leasing. That is, tenants need to rent to use these plug-ins.

The operator is regarded as a kind of agent, and the relevant settings are exactly the same as the agent.

Also have ** Agent level **, and set ** Dealer discount **

Similar to agents, all tenants treat the operator as their agent. The relevant calculations are as follows:

* Tenant lease price
  
    ```租户租赁价格 = 开发商租赁市场指导价 * 运营商代理折扣 + 运营商拿货价格`` `

* Operators take the price of goods

    ```运营商拿货价格 = 开发商租赁市场指导价 * 最大值（开发商租赁成本折扣，运营商代理等级折扣）+ ArkStore平台提成`` `

* ArkStore platform commission
    
    ```ArkStore平台提成 = 最小值（开发商租赁市场指导价 * 0.1 ， 开发商租赁市场指导价 * 开发商租赁成本折扣 * 0.3）`` `

* Carrier class discount
    
    ```运营商等级折扣规则，参见```[代理商等级折扣规则](../%20代理商/#_4)

### App purchase

The operator will be regarded as the agent of its tenant, that is, the tenant purchases the application, and the operator will get the corresponding share.

## Operating expenses

Except that operators need to purchase plug-ins or applications directly from the plug-in or application store, Longgui will not charge operators any additional fees in principle, nor will it rule out that operators need additional hosting, operation and maintenance, and development services. For this part, you can send an email to [bd@longguikeji.com](mailto:bd@longguikeji.com) to inform you of your needs, and we will contact you.

## Orders and cash withdrawals

You can view agent orders or initiate cash withdrawal requests in the expense center of ArkStore.